Who are you?
Dare to come here to make trouble
Wang Yu, are you stupid?
Don't you know what we're here for?
We are looking for you to collect debts.
Hurry up and pay back the money your company owes my client
What do you owe you?
Your company is now an empty shell.
You don't know that you are in debt, do you?
You're a shitty president
This gold looks good on you
Scared dirty let me go
I don't know anything.
What are you doing?
Someone is here, sorry Mr. Wang
When will the salary be sent to us?
When will you call us again?
you
Mr. Wang, it seems that the rumors are true
The Wang Group is now in deficit and debt
It's a ticking time bomb.
Wang Yu doesn't know anything
So stupid
No ability to run a company at all
Still smug here
I don't want to say no more
Shut up
Oh, I see.
It's you, right?
It's you who gave me the next set
That's right, it's me.
What if I give you the company?
I've already moved all the company's money
Leaving this debt-laden ruin
I just gave you this trash.
You bitch
How about this?
The taste of falling into the mud all at once
It's hard to talk
I'm going to kill you!
Kill me!
Do you think I'm still the Chen Lin you slaughtered?
Oh?
You bereaved dog with nothing
Let's think about how to pay off the debt
Hahahahahaha
Mr. Wang remembers to pay back the money
Come tomorrow night, hahaha.
Look at Chen Yun's complacent appearance
Why is such a small person getting wet?
Is that you?
Zhang Heng
Bring me that little bastard born of a cheap hoof
Come here ok